>> Shirley Wu: And finally,
we weren't going to talk about basic
charts without talking about pie charts.
[LAUGH] Pie charts get a lot of hate.
People are like never use pie charts!
There is very specific use cases for
pie charts.
They are really good visualizations.
It's like don't use pie charts for
most of the times except for asterisk,
the best for these parts.
Pie charts are for
hierarchical comparing part to whole.
Again, Datawrapper has a really
great article about when to use and
how to best improve a pie chart,
so please check that out.
This is basically just
a little bit of their article.
They're best for when your values
are around 25%, 30% or 75%.
And they're best for
if you're only trying to show three or
four parts, three or four slices.
Any less, if you have one or two,
then you don't need a pie chart.
Any more than four makes it hard
to see the thinner slices and
what you're trying to get
across with the thinner slices.
They're not good for, like I said,
comparing fine differences, and
they're not good for
if you have multiple totals.
If you're trying to show multiple
pie charts next to each other for
whatever reason,
they're really not good for that.
The Datawrapper article will talk about
better alternatives for those situations.
So that was a really quick run
through of basic chart types.